The flow of 10 billion has always been smooth.
I will take responsibility for you,
This is also my problem, give me the price of my body.
Grandpa, who are you getting married to?
You really have to get the one who doubts you.
Grandpa, I had an issue with him.
From now on I will go to whatever he says with my spirit,
If not.
Then I can also find out
Then I found
At that time
what does he want
I will give it to him
What does he like about me and you?
That line 2 is not good, why don’t you talk about it?
How can you kid be so sure?
It's the day after tomorrow
Has your money arrived?
Go to twenty one twenty one
Everyone gave it
Even if you don't give it now
you are so everything
It seems like you can’t take care of your family anymore.
How about I introduce a few to you?
To say something rich
you want to be young
There are still rich aunts
This performance is also relatively concise and repaired.